# RCCH-3080
About Us
<b>Rotaract Club Chandigarh Himalayan</b> is a youth wing of the prestigious organization ‘Rotary International‘. It comes under the District 3080 and it has ‘Rotary Club Himalayan Ranges Mansa Devi‘ as its parent Rotary. The members of the club come from 25+ colleges in and around the city.
<br>
Rotaract Club Chandigarh Himalayan is very privileged to be a part of<b> Rotary Club Himalayan Ranges Mansa Devi,</b> which was established in 1987, to uplift the weakened parts of the society. Rotary Club Himalayan Ranges Mansa Devi is extremely fortunate to enter its 23rd year under the President-ship of Rtn. Gaurav Ghai. On a similar note, Rotaract Club Chandigarh Himalayan has also entered its 13th year, under the President-ship of<b> Rtr. Muskan Gandhi.</b><br>
Rotary Club Himalayan Ranges Mansa Devi and Rotaract Club Chandigarh Himalayan thrive extensively in the present-day scenario by adopting the policy of giving back to the society. The team members of this Rotary-Rotaract fraternity ensures that what they give out to the people is always for their good. That is why they strives every single day to bring forward such initiatives and projects that uplift the damaged souls suffering from the wrath of economic and social dilemmas. In the present day too, the Clubs have carried their legacy forward by starting numerous projects to quench the thirst and satiate the beautiful souls living on this Earth, one such outstanding project being ‘KIDO : Kids olympics’ which is a sports extravaganza and a talent organized for the orphans which give them a moment of joy and explore their talent every year. This year, we conducted 10th season of the event successfully.<br>
<b>Our Club</b><br>
Rotaract Club Chandigarh Himalayan was chartered in 2008 by <b>Rtr. Sandeep Singh</b> with a vision ‘To the Pinacle & Nothing less’. Today, Rotaract Club Chandigarh Himalayan is the largest club in the District 3080 and has been awarded as the Best Club among its district for the tenure 2018-19. Our club number is 82399 and our parent Rotary Club is Rotary Club Himalayan Ranges Mansa Devi. We aim to uplift the diverse sections of society. We are reputed to organize amazing events for our community projects. Our events also include The Pirates of the City, Salsa Slam, Roshni, Kids Olympics, Futsal, Xtreme Gaming Tournament, amongst others.<br>
For More information Visit https://www.rcch3080.org/
